Fix heat rate docs example (#1614)
NREL-SIIP/PowerSystems.jl: docs/src/how_to/add_cost_curve.md

This `OperationalCost` can be used when defining a component or added to an existing component using
`set_operation_cost!`.

> ## Example 3: A Thermal Generator with Marginal Heatrate Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 3: A Thermal Generator with Marginal Heat Rate Data
```

Often times, generator efficiency data is provided in the form of marginal heat rates (the additional
heat input energy required per MWh of electrical output energy) as a function of generator output.
For example, the thermal unit above can be described by a heat input of 1400 GJ/h at 100 MW with a marginal

> heat rate of 8 GJ/MWh across the operating range (100MW - 200MW).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heat rate of 8 GJ/MWh across the operating range (100 MW - 200 MW).
```
